hello and welcome to episode 10 or day
10 of my 12 tips of Christmas and today
this is part two of my of my nice little
typography tutorial just started
yesterday if you haven't seen that then
I'd recommend watching that before you
watch this one because this episode is
on how to animate your text so in the
last episode you would have seen me
doing basically you'd have seen me doing
this as you can see what it's done is
it's just animated the text like so I
think it looks pretty awesome so what
I'm gonna do is I'm going to go to New
on the click what they're going to start
up I don't clicking new obviously and
then go to null object and then do the
same again new and then camera so if
camera are going to pick 35-millimeter
took ok and now we're going to parent
the camera than no object so we'll see
as it like that that should be able to
consent that should be what it looks
like so now what we're going to do is
we're going to go to our first words and
we're going to click the drop down the
null object and we're test transform ah
sorry i forgot to Satan i need to enable
3d on all my own
including the null object so as you can
see now with 3d enables and we can do
like 3d stuff not that I'm going to use
probably three day in this one well as
you can see you can just spin it round
stuff like that and it looks pretty nice
so okay what we're going to do is
starting off farm where the first word
start is there and what I'm going to do
is I'm going to make sure that's in the
center so I'm going to keyframe them
position and scale make sure the first
word is centered and I might get off my
grid for this grid open up that grid the
wrong grid guys the wrong grid that's
the greater one so you're going to find
where the sensor is I'm going to Center
it and positions move that they're so
then we're going to find where our
second word is and that's hello so we're
going to move it down our position like
so so the hello is centered and we're
going to position it a bit over there so
make sure your key framing this slice it
look a bit dodgy so as you can see say
hello then fine go to the next row which
is two and that one's rotated so I'm
going to do is I'm going to go to Zed
rotation and then going to keyframe that
bit there as well so we're going to
keyframe the rotation and I'm so I'm
going to spin it round minus 90 degrees
or something like that i think it is
minus 90 now it's plus 90 degrees and
i'm going to send to that a position to
i'm a zoom in a little bit them and
bring out my position a bit more
something so you just want a center each
word and rotate it if you added rotation
first what I want to do is I want to
make sure that this black solid is a bit
bigger because otherwise we're going to
be getting the black solid is going to
disappear we live like blank bit on the
screen where the black solid hasn't fit
on so as you can see so far what we've
got is we should have animated the first
base so say hello to and then we're
going to find where my comms image is
there and then we're going to go to this
position again now we're going to get a
rotation first like that's easiest I'm
just going to change it back to zero so
we're back to normal again and then my
a position we're going to move it off a
bit to get my in the middle layer and
we're just going to make sure that my is
in the middle so now what we've got is
say hello to my knife now but one what
you can mess around with is make sure
it's not zoomed in too far otherwise it
looks a bit silly and it's quite hard to
read so um yeah you just want to make
sure that it's all in proportion like
that looks all right at the moment I
might have to adjust it at the end see
how it looks so now we've got little
littles coming so we're going to just
move little to the middle I'm but you
can play around with this obviously it's
up to you for the bigger words I like to
scale it out a bit like that boy yeah
that's up to you so say hello to my
little and then friend comes in at the
bottom here so I'm just going to zoom
that out a bit more for friend and I'm
going to rotate it minus 90 degrees like
that that's a bit off so 90 ow minus 90
amount and then we're going to Center it
and as I said it's it's pretty easy once
you get the hang of it just takes a bit
of time you want to spend a bit of time
on it obviously so say hello to my
little friend there you go I probably
wouldn't have it that now i think was it
that too looks a bit dodgy way and deal
the word is there and like if you get
what I'm saying but actually that word
shouldn't bother them right I want that
on 0 so you want to make sure you key
frame it for every word and wanted
keyframe my scale actually so you make
sure you key frame every word in so just
to keep it all in proportion and then
like that as you can see there looks
good so yeah if you enjoyed this
tutorial let me know by leaving a
comment and the like stay tuned for
tomorrow's double episodes which should
be on I don't know yes but there should
be some good stuff tomorrow's Christmas
Eve so
yeah so I hope you enjoyed this and
thank you for watching goodbye
you